I'm not a man of conviction
or a patriot like you,
but those trying to kill innocent students
to regain power…
I can't sit by and watch anymore.
I'm going to fight against those bastards.
So get out of there alive.
And kids, are you listening?
-Yes!
You never give up too!
You have hard evidence
that it's an election scheme, right?
Yes, I do.
When I obtained it, I sent it
to the press, but the ANSP confiscated it.
That's why
I've decided to expose it myself.
I was in the task force myself,
and I recorded
-those leading the scheme with the North--
-You have listened
to the JBC network radio channel
from Seoul, the capital
of the Republic of Korea.
-Thank you for listening.
-What the hell?
Why are you here?
Anyway, she couldn't finish
what she was saying.
Still, she managed to say the hostage
situation is an election scheme.
You're right.
An ANSP agent blew the whistle,
so it'll cause a huge stir.
Shouldn't we do something too?
You're right. We can't just sit by
and watch. Don't you agree?
You're right.
Then how about we hang a banner that says
this hostage situation
is an election scheme?
-I'm for it.
-Me too.
-I'm for it too.
I'll help too.
But do we have what we need to make it?
If you make it to another country,
what do you want to do?
What about you, Comrade Kang?
I just want to live
an ordinary life
having babies, cooking, doing the laundry,
and nagging at my kids and husband
from time to time.
I want to live like that.
Without thinking about things
like country,
revolutions, or missions.
Will that be possible?
Yes, you'll live that life.
-Save my child! Please!
-Save my kid!
STOP THIS ELECTION SCHEME IMMEDIATELY
-Give me back my child!
-Save them!
-Let me through!
-Save my kid!
-Give me back my child!
-Save them!
-Let me through!
-Give me back my daughter!
Take all of the parents
to the interrogation rooms right away.
And…
Release An Gyeong-hui.
Tell him to get rid of Han-na. Now!
Yes, sir.
Understood, sir.
I will cover this up at all costs.
I will serve you with my life, Mr. Eun.
Once those running
with the 300 million dollars are caught,
we'll be able to live in luxury
like we used to.
Honey, listen.
This is a heaven-sent opportunity.
You must get it done.
Charlotte.
Yes?
Give me my Ray-Ban.